# TurtleMCP Design

TurtleMCP is deisgned to: 
1) Create and control tasks from a centralized controller
2) Tasks are broken down into commands that are sent out to Turtles to perform
3) Turtles respond with messages to coordinate tasks and movements
4) GPS is leveraged and needed in the starting area, ouside of GPS range each Turtle maintains it's position

5) Record Positions / Paths / Areas for later use or identification. Current use is for space allocation and coordination.

Tasks:
1) Mine - mines a defined area for resources
2) AutoMine - automatically mines for resources. One or more boundaries can be set for where NOT to mine.
3) Explore - explores an area looking for resources
4) Build - builds a specified pattern in a specified location
5) Supply - Resupplies other Turtles

Libraries:
1) Move - go to a position without effecting the environment, path used is tracked.
2) Dig - digs a block
3) Gather - gathers blocks / resources from chests to from open world
4) Refuel - refuels Turtle
5) Place - places blocks
6) Drop - drops inventory
7) RunState - specifies a Turtles Run State.
8) Inventory - manages inventory
9) Messaging - deals with messaging
10) Log - writes logs
11) State - Save, Load, Manage component states

Core MCP: - The MCP is the central location to recieve all commands and messages. They are processed here and the proper response is determined.
1) Startup
	a) Initialize Wifi
	b) Load Turtle States / Command States
2) Run Loop
	a) Check Messages
	b) Process Messages
	c) Log Replies / Commands
	d) Send Replies / Commands
3) Reboot / Stop / Shutdown
	a) Send Shutdown Signal
	b) Listen for Acknowledgements?
	c) Save State

Core Turtle:
1) Startup
	a) Set RunState = Stop
	b) Load Id, Last Position, Channel
	c) Initialize Wifi Listener / GPS
	d) Determine current position
	e) Sync Position and Commands with MCP
2) Run Loop
	a) Check Messages
	b) Wait for Command / Do Commands
	c) On Event Send Message
3) On ShutDown Signal
	a) RunState = Stop
	b) Save State

Core Commander: - user interface to provide tasks, can have more than one.
1) Startup
	a) Initialize Wifi
	b) Query Tasks
	c) Query Turtles
2) Run Loop
	a) Check Messages
	b) Process Messages
	c) Check UI
	d) On Event Send Command
3) On ShutDown Signal
	a) Change UI to shutdown mode
	b) listen for messages


